[Music]
right
hello everybody welcome back to my
youtube channel and welcome to a
slightly different video from what I've
been doing recently the last three
videos I think have been cooking videos
in the kitchen meal prep baked sweet
treats and all that but seeing as it's
Valentine's Day I thought I would bring
my beautiful fiance along oh yes you
have probably like 99% of you know who
this is
but yeah it's Valentine's Day and I
wanted to do a Q&A and I thought why not
bring her along so then we got a nice
little Yankee Candle setting the
ambiance we've got some chicken in sweet
potato dog food are saving young blonde
and this is not a tipsy Q&A we're just
having a little drink before we go out
and if you're wondering where we're
going out we're going to the Cobra City
I think this Q&A is going to be mostly
fitness as well as sort of more of a
personal relationship e questions the
images we are actually in a relationship
juicy juicy yeah you need a better juice
otherwise no one's gonna watch it so
yeah they are fun to be fair right so is
it normal to feel guilty on rest days
for not going to the gym slash
exercising yep no oh no you shouldn't
feel guilty but often people do feel
guilty yes yes so it's quite normal yes
yeah no it's quite normal but you
shouldn't feel guilty because it's just
as important to rest your muscles so I
come together it's just as important to
rest your muscles in order them to grow
as it is to workout your muscles
yeah resting is very important and I
think it it probably comes down to how
hard you are working in your sessions
when you are actually in the gym if
you're giving it absolutely everything
and you should I really saw the next day
after about three or four days of like
consecutive hard intense sessions I find
I need a rest day so like I'm doing a
new split with my friends and Monday to
wednesday it's pretty intense and then
by Thursday
didn't used to have a rest day in the
week but by Thursday well I think God
I've actually got a rest day but also it
does depend on how well you're sleeping
because if you don't sleep very well
than you achy even more yeah and
probably like eating and nutrition since
I think it does just sometimes like
sometimes your muscles do just a little
bit more one week than they do the next
week yeah because it's just the way your
body might respond to the exercises yeah
I think always listen to your body in
any sense listen to your body if it's to
a key don't train for the sake of it
because you feel like if you rest then
you're gonna lose progress because
you're not going to know it's essential
for progress yeah and also you might
actually injure yourself if you're to a
key and you're working out sometimes I
feel like I try to push through and it's
okay like today I had sore legs and I
did sprints because I really wanted to
but sometimes that's a bit risky because
you could pull something and then yeah I
think scientifically speaking I think
I've heard people say that if you feel
sore but you have rest differ I think
it's three days don't quote me on that I
think you need three days at least and
then you're good to go again with the
muscle so even if they are a little bit
sore after three days you're pretty good
to go no no I mean just for one muscle
group okay so see you train your biceps
and there so many wait three days and
yeah even if there's still a little sore
yes usually the day after the day after
is the day you ate most yeah yeah yeah
people there goes the German though that
the day after the day after that's when
it gets legs do you feel like oh they
after that can't go for a week is there
a way to gauge a good session for like
if you ask yourself that then you
probably haven't no it's okay if you
haven't had a good session sometimes
yeah but she's saying how can you gauges
so how do you know you pay attention
well one if you saw the next day you
know you've done some damage which i
think is pretty good it's good it's good
damage though you've done good damage to
the muscles yeah coming out sweating if
you can't walk down the stairs or leg
day start as well
I think quite a lot but I just feel like
you know when you had a good session and
it's usually the the best sessions of
the days you don't really feel it before
you go that's what I found when you're
not really in the mood yeah and then you
suddenly get in the mood of it and I
guess one way you can try and basically
set yourself up so you will consistently
have good sessions is get into a kind of
routine and so have like dinner have
like whatever meal like an hour before
your session like every day make sure
you drinking lots of water if you take a
pre-workout do that actually like the my
protein the pump is it's called deep
pump it's so it's not your
pre-workout this basically got barely
any caffeine in and but it gets me in
the mood and if it's not too late in the
day I'll have like a shot of espresso or
like a quick coffee at home before
before as well and I just find that gets
me in the zone and also listening to
music like my friends say you're so rude
because I train with them but I put my
head yeah yeah but it's just like I've
bought into that habit now and it just I
think it's all about routine and just
getting in that mind space yeah I find
that when I write out my workout that
I'm about to do before I get to the gym
yeah then I feel more motivated I say
that all the time made you back if
either you're following a guide or I
find that if I you know I'm not ready
and especially if you drive to the gym
often you can just sit in your car for a
while you're not feeling it that's why
it's a benefit to not drive but yeah I
feel like if you write out and you know
what you're doing for that session
before you get there you'll feel more
motivated it won't feel like you're
walking and not know what you're gonna
do right now we're gonna go into some
juicy ones
Megan I'm gonna juice you up
I have trouble seeing I need to get the
song it's that ancient boys that song
sing it please
so vit books you bought I know not what
I bought
yeah look see by each other till you go
to the coffee shop see the MacArthur
agent take over listen to waiting room
do you get mad other guys looking at
Megan's perfectly rounded ass they
didn't say that I said do you get mad
other guys looking at Megan well to be
honest since we moved out of London
I haven't well actually we don't trained
together so I don't have the slightest
clue whether people know maybe James are
for bloody well I've got a bone tonight
I've got a bone to James offer if you're
watching this right right right
seriously seriously gonna say I think
the ones gone to my head a little bit
you were working out at one London in in
London and and James offer was on in in
the gym playing out eating out and he
was training at the same time in the
room next to Megan and Megan put a story
up actually what why the hell did you
put this story up in the first Annie and
she goes Paula James offers on in the
gym and he's boxing next door to me and
then and then James Arthur DMZ
[Music]
why is he one you know and he / what did
he do hey Carmen even emoji he's a
unicorn
and unicorn daddy he was friendly was
available so as long as they're not X
Factor winner's I don't mind that they
look at Megan's button well hard stars
might be sleeping in the room next door
to us in the hotel the question do I
mind I don't mind school I never look no
if you dream the off because that's
where I start getting insecure
are you trying for a baby trying for
whatever night well I'm on of
contraception which it doesn't allow it
so no we're not trying but we is
something we discussed we have been
discussing it however I want to get
married for this because I want to not
be pregnant so I can have fun well you
can't have fun when you're pregnant by
one or like drunk and not be in
my wedding dress so maybe after you're
married it's something I've actually
genuinely thought about more recently
yeah you're getting a bit broody but the
more I was more like up for it and now I
term less up for it now because I'm just
thinking like it's is Sharon and you
know it's just such a big thing and you
obviously can't go back do you know why
I think that I understand to think about
Moore's because like we've set up our
life a bit more now so like the infant's
cools down the road then with the junior
school and we talk about how cute it
will be when we like walk them to school
would bring bow and drop them off and
pick them up with Bluebell Bluebell be
like back in when they come up yeah yeah
but then yeah I agree with all that but
then at the same time I think how young
we still are yeah well are you in like
the next five years but like you say odd
who yet to you there's nothing do you
not see what happens nothing right it's
nothing and I just don't want yeah I
know
the way you do you realize you into we
are yo you know fuse will be 27 and a
half
that's not be a dad that's so y'all know
that young I think in this day and age
that's very young actually but just talk
to that question I feel like in all
fairness like I'm not saying that I'm
being pushy cuz I don't know what I want
our kids yeah I've got getting bit love
you don't have to do that oh yeah but
that's just but I'm not a few hours of
you know but being a parent that's a
serious no but it's a big I feel like
you spent an afternoon with a kid
because you loved kids I know I like
kids I know I'm gonna be a good dad I
know when they do that can't I'll enjoy
it but I just don't there's no point in
rushing at all no I'm not ready yet
either
I'm just saying if there is time I
properly thought about during six months
I have not been the naturally broody
until now
do you wish nyle didn't do social media
no I'm really glad that Nile does social
media because it's allowed us to create
a life together because I think if nyle
worked a nine-to-five job in like an
office or especially if you were a
drummer which nyle didn't want to be and
make off on tour all the time for like
months that would have been so hard for
us to grow as a couple together but
because we grew as a couple and you
decided to take a similar route to me
we've managed to create a life together
yeah we I think we're really really
lucky that with that because some people
work very separate job well most people
work very separate jobs that name but I
also appreciate that you have your own
thing because I know you would never
want to work with me yeah but we do
things together but and I all very much
wants to do his own thing yeah but I'm
really still want me to be in your
videos more yeah Jesus
timed you one for me I'd love to me
nasty a couple of small things but right
moving on what's your favorite sex
position okay this has been
well-documented already I I'm a fan of
the the doggy style sorry this is so
develop random in this video we've done
this we've asked for this custom one
okay now no you can live in we did this
question once in a tipsy sexual Q&A I'm
tipsy now say I don't know what my
favorite is I remember in that video I
said spoon it but I kind of take it back
my favorite being I do quite like that
that's enough now have you ever had any
issues with ex boyfriends or girlfriends
it's not really your ex-girlfriend not
girl sexual favors at the very beginning
they're not that far
I think at the beginning of our
relationship sorry I keep talking loads
in is your video no that's fine that
needs questions at the beginning of our
relationship
before we felt more well I felt more
secure because obviously if you know a
background we don't need to say okay
look it's nothing that's not good enough
well yeah but at the beginning it took a
long time for now to commit I mean it
was a little bit of a ladies man well
there was a lot of questions that was
not a fuck-boy yes I was a nice well I
was being a you need we're at but
why do people want to go to Union so
they get laid
it's so that they get a degree so they
can
yeah kind of a hit like he'll a diamond
mile had multiple sexual partners before
gross with you say like that well it's
true it was gross and then we came found
each other again but no when we first
got together because of that and because
I knew Niall before was never really
that committed to anybody it took me a
while to trust him and then because of
the girls that he was sleeping with up
till before we committed to each other
they made me feel a little bit nervous
because I was like does he still want to
sleep with those girls so we we've had
like a couple of arguments in the first
year of our relationship
I remember one particularly when we went
on holiday but it got it was probably
like nine months into our relationship
where I felt comfortable to ask and be
annoying at him because at first I was
kind of just really glad to be with him
[Laughter]
we need to sell this and we did but
apart from that now that I've had it
issues of me because what they have eyes
for somebody else it don't leave them me
too haven't left you ya know to be fair
once you committed you committed and
that was it are you just interested in
Megan because of her bub not well no
she's not I've always had this bum you
see before she knew me she'd never said
to me Lana balance she'd never step foot
in a gym no I hadn't went I was like it
was it was like as her blood grew as
like
was a confirmation that I've made the
right choice I mean I'm all for it
no she's a very beautiful there's more
to being a bum and that's so annoying
and most importantly she's I think very
sweet and she's sweet she's a very kind
person
it was obviously physical attraction as
well as you know chemistry for us
together yeah I feel I was thinking
about that over there because it's a
tick tock that I was filming mm-hmm and
how like I knew from the beginning of
meeting you that eventually you'd cuz I
felt like well I think we had something
really good and you were just like not
quite like that's what I've always said
that's why I don't like when you say oh
I was you know messing around but that
was the thing that was I knew you liked
me but I know he's never dick about it
that's why every night I went for it but
I feel like from the beginning like I
knew that we have really good to
chemistry yeah like a matter of time
yeah I had to just wait around kind of
so the moral of this Q&A is if you like
someone and they're too busy shagging
other people just wait around because
it's gonna happen eventually is not what
I did not wait around I carried on with
my life but knew in the back of my head
that I like this person but I had fun
with my friends
I was James Arthur yeah maybe it was you
happiness
we had James off the plane when we went
out before we went out and we drunk some
gin tonics actually didn't like them
back then we drank Rosie what's a nice
train your dragon' used to drink the
blossom he'll like which might as well
be like into that was nice we drunk that
and I have fun I didn't spend my life
waiting for you
I'm joke
obviously I'm Joachim anyways guys thank
you very much for joining us on this QA
I hope you've all had a good man it was
very Fitness sexual yeah I'm still
getting the hang of this YouTube anyways
thanks very much for watching I shall be
back after this video with another
cooking video comment below what kind of
video I want to see for me I mean you're
probably thinking like rice bowls or
maybe some some low-calorie sweet treats
or something like that but yeah thank
you for joining me thanks for having me
bye bye